# Math game

Create game for 2nd grade elementary students to practice basic math operations - plus,minus,multiply and divide operations. When player answer correctly in less then 1 second he receives 3 points. If player answer in less then 10 seconds he receives 1 point. The duration between 1 second and 10 seconds gives player more points if they answer sooner - make it linear point distribution. If player answer after 10 seconds he gains one negative point. All math operations must be within 0 to 100. So valid test operations are for example 5*7, 25+35,99/3. All division operations must finish in round numbers, so there cannot be operation 98/3 for example. Make it mobile native game and deploy to android. Choose the mobile dev framework which is common and deployable also to other platforms. Make the game fun to play. Add there sound on correct or incorrect inputs. The answers will be the 5 cards with common user mistakes for given operations. The cards will be shuflled. When player do not answer correctly make sure after next few attempts he receives the same operation. The main point is to teach kids the basic math under 100 and speed their reflexes. The initial screen will have the game selection. Player can pick 1minute, 2 minute or 5 minutes challanges and can pick the math operations which will be included. The top scores leaderboard will be present and showned after the game ends. Make the game educative so that parents are ok to give the kids play the game, and kids have feeling they learn and tune their skills.
